# Module-1-Activity-1_MTN

**MyParentTeacher**.

This is an application that is intended on allowing 
communication between learners' parents and teachers. 
There is a huge gap in communication between the teachers and 
parents of learners and this has many times led to parents not 
knowing much about their children's school life. 

**This app will have the following features:**

- homepage about the different events taking place in school 
and updates

- Teacher-Parent page whreby the parent and teacher will get to 
a have a one-on-one conversation about the learners' 
performance

- Teacher-community page whereby the teacher can have a group 
discussion with the parents of her learners. This page will 
also allow for online live meetings since we are faced with 
the pandemic that limits face-to-face meetings

- LearnerTaskTab - this page will allow the teacher to post 
about the homework that has been given to the learners and the 
due dates. As soon as a homework is posted, a notification will 
be sent to the parent and a reminder when the due date 
approaches will be sent to the parents.

- ParentWellness page - this tab has a chat bot that is built 
to assist parents who struggle to form relationships with their 
children. It will recommend fun activities that the parent can 
participate in with their child and it will offer emotional 
support by providing the contact details of recommended 
counsellors

- Extra-Helping-Hand page - this tab will be used by either a 
teacher or parent of a learner that struggles with certain 
subjects. It will have a list of tutors that can help the 
learner with that specific subject. A teacher can recommend one 
to the parents' learner or a parent can seek one for themselves

- Contact Tab - this tab will contain the contact details of 
the school. It will also enable the parent to have a second 
option if the teacher assigned isn't assisting the parents the 
way they would like

- Feedback Tab - this tab will be used to give reviews and
feedback in order to help us better the app
